When was T-Hub incorporated?
T-Hub was incorporated in 2015.

Who are the founding partners of T-Hub?
T-Hub’s four founding partners are the Government of Telangana, IIIT Hyderabad, Indian School of Business and Nalsar University.  

What is T-Hub?
T-Hub stands for Technology Hub, India’s pioneering innovation ecosystem that enables the acceleration of startups, facilitates corporations' open innovation endeavours and brings together various stakeholders from investors, academia, government and more to catalyse the flame of entrepreneurship. 

How many startups has T-Hub impacted? 
To this day, T-Hub has impacted 1100+ national and international startups through varied engagements. 

How does T-Hub impact startups? 
T-Hub has accelerated the journey of various startups through a diverse set of programmes, from masterclasses for idea stage to T-Angel for making startups investor ready. Moreover, T-Hub facilitates the connections between startups and investors, corporations, government, academia and more. 

What are the sectors and focus areas that T-Hub works in? 
T-Hub is sector agnostic and continues to work with startups from fintech, deeptech, healthtech, agritech, logistics, enterprise technologies and much more. 

How many programmes has T-Hub implemented? 
T-Hub has implemented over 100 exclusive programmes to this day. 

How many international connects has T-Hub facilitated?
T-hub has facilitated over 390 international connects for startups. 

What are the number of jobs that have been enabled by T-Hub? 
T-Hub has enabled over 1500 jobs through programme startups. 

What is the amount of funding raised by T-Hub startups?
Over 1860 crore worth of funds have been raised by T-Hub’s cohort startups. 

How many corporations has T-Hub interacted with? 
T-Hub has approached more than 430 national and multinational corporations. 

How many visitors has T-Hub hosted? 
T-Hub has hosted over 1,10,000 visitors in its Catalyst building. 

How does T-Hub facilitate corporate innovation for companies? 
T-Hub facilitates end-to-end corporate innovation through focus area/problem statement discovery, understanding the innovation needs, developing the programmes, co-creation of solutions and assessment of corporate innovation journey. 

Which all organisations comprise the Telangana Innovation Ecosystem? 
Alongwith T-Hub, TSIC, WE-Hub, T-Works, RICH and TASK assemble to form the overarching Telangana Innovation Ecosystem. 

Who are some of the corporate partners of T-Hub?
T-Hub has numerous corporate partners, some of which are Maruti Suzuki, Facebook, Hexagon AB, Citi Bank, Qualcomm and much more. 

What is T-Hub’s strategy for accelerating the journey of startups? 
With the aim to provide support for startups each and every need, T-Hub has adopted the 6M and 2P  strategy to provide startups with Mentors, Markets, Money, Motivation, Manpower, Methodology, Partnership and Policy Support. 

Who are some of T-Hub’s top startups? 
Statwig, MyGate, Marut Drones, Hala Mobility, Gayam Motors, Startoon Labs, Roadmetrics, Pencilton are some of T-Hub’s top startups. 

What are some of the startup programmes of T-Hub that impact the entrepreneurial journey? 
T-Hub aids startups of all stages from early stage to growth, and has complementary programmes for all for instance, Masterclass for idea stage, Rubrix for MVP stage, Lab32 for market ready stage and T-Angel for investment ready stage, 

What are some of the on-going programmes that startups can participate in?
Startup programmes such as Lab32, T-Angel, Rubrix are recurring programmes that occur periodically. Current corporate innovation programmes are AWS Dronetech accelerator, Renault Nissan Open Innovation Challenge and more. 

What are some of the international partners T-Hub is collaborating with?
T-Hub has programmes in collaboration with the UK government, Korean SMEs and Startup Agency (KOSME), La Trobe University, Hiroshima Prefecture Japan and more. 

Who are some of the service providers that T-Hub collaborates with? 
T-Hub has partnered with Zoho, Uber, Paytm, Google, IBM, HR Footprints, Param.ai, AIESEC and many more. 

How is the new and renewed strategy for T-Hub 2.0?
Building on top of the existing strategy, T-Hub 2.0 will bring greater emphasis on funding and policy support for startups. 

Who may I contact to connect with T-Hub? 
To know more about T-Hub's programmes and collaborations, you may visit www.t-hub.co  and fill the contact form. 

I am a woman entrepreneur, how can T-Hub help me?
Despite gender, T-Hub is here to help all entrepreneurs working in the technology space. 

I am a founder, how can T-Hub accelerate our startup journey?
Based on the stage of your startup, T-Hub has several programmes designed to accelerate various parts of the entrepreneurial journey. To know more, you may visit www.t-hub.co 


